我要写一篇有关智能传感器的论文，下面是我的大纲 1.智能传感器发展历程 正文… 2．智能传感器（类型、功能、特点） 3.智能传感器的关键技术（选择一项关键技术，详细论述原理） 4. 智能传感器的应用 
我现在要写第一部分 1.智能传感器发展历程

请将下面的文章、我给你的文件等整合在一起，并搜索多篇真实文献，进行补充和润色，不要有AI味，降低查重，写字数1000字以上，注意不要分太多层


The concept of a sensor is interpreted in different ways: a 
sensitive device, a vigilant watchman, an analyzer, a sensor, 
a 
978-1-6654-3258-0/21/$31.00 ©2021 IEEE
 If we digress from the details, from what exactly the sensor 
feels, recognizes, measures, the main thing that remains in 
common is that: 
 the sensor has an object of observation;
  interacting with the object of observation, under its
 influence the sensor changes its state;
  and gives signals about it to the user.
 The object of observation is that material object, process, 
environment with which the sensor interacts and information 
about which it is assigned to collect. The object of observation 
can be, in particular, the entire environment, the surrounding 
sensor [6,7]. 
A user receiving, understanding and using signals from the 
sensor can be a person, another living being, an automatic 
control, regulation or registration system, for which the 
signals from the sensor are information about the object of 
observation. 
A sensor is a device (device, organ, node) that converts a 
physical (physicochemical) change in an object of 
observation, its physical effect into an information signal for 
the user. 
Sensors provide the user with the most important objective 
initial information, on the basis of which it is only possible to 
predict events, to behave reasonably in the world, to judge 
how the information models created and used by the user are 
adequate to the real processes and objects with which he deals 
[8,9]. 
One of the first simple sensors were plumb lines - to detect 
deviations from the vertical, for example, weathercocks, floats 
in fishing rods, compasses, etc. 
A functional diagram of a simple sensor is shown in Fig. 
1. Its main components are a sensitive element and a signaling
 device. Reacting to this or that influence from the object of
 observation, the sensitive element changes its state, and the
 signaling device gives about this some kind of clear signal to
 the user. This signal is the carrier of information about the
 object of observation.